unused resources cost optimization policy and set (#1210)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/Whats-new.md

Here's what's changed in Enterprise Scale/Azure Landing Zones:

### TBD 2023

> - Add Policy initiative [Unused resources driving cost should be avoided (azadvertizer.net)](https://www.azadvertizer.net/azpolicyinitiativesadvertizer/Audit-UnusedResourcesCostOptimization.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new Azure Policy Initiative and assignment (Audit-UnusedResourcesCostOptimization) to audit unused resources that are driving cost at the intermediate root management group
```

Reviewer: Good guess on AzAdvertizer, but suggest we not include the link until it's official

Reviewer: LOL, color me embarrassed. My bad @JulianHayward!

>   - Added a Policy Assignment `Audit-UnusedResourcesCostOptimization` ([Unused resources driving cost should be avoided (azadvertizer.net)](https://www.azadvertizer.net/azpolicyinitiativesadvertizer/Audit-UnusedResourcesCostOptimization.html)) to audit unused resources that are driving cost at the intermediate root management group

Reviewer: You can remove this section, if you agree with my comment on the initiative.

Reviewer 2: Im good with this if the above is merged. Keeps it cleaner

>   - Added a Policy Assignment `Audit-UnusedResourcesCostOptimization` ([Unused resources driving cost should be avoided (azadvertizer.net)](https://www.azadvertizer.net/azpolicyinitiativesadvertizer/Audit-UnusedResourcesCostOptimization.html)) to audit unused resources that are driving cost at the intermediate root management group

Reviewer 2: Duplicated information? Remove this L.55
